
Python is a programming language with objects, modules, threads, exceptions, and automatic memory management.

benefits of using python
The benefits of pythons are that it is simple and easy, portable, extensible, build-in data structure, and it is open-source.
The language is easy to use and can be implemented across a variety of technical processes, such as programming, machine learning, data science, automation and more.

Easy to code
It is easy to learn , but the packages and modules take time to master  
Python code is easy to read and doesn’t use a lot of brackets and semicolons like other languages 
It runs line by line and there is no need to compile because it is processed at runtime by an interpreter 
It has a simple syntax that mimics natural language, so it’s easier to read and understand. This makes it quicker to build projects, and faster to improve on them.
It’s versatile. Python can be used for many different tasks, from web development to machine learning.
It’s beginner friendly, making it popular for entry-level coders.
It’s open source, which means it’s free to use and distribute, even for commercial purposes.
the standard Python development environment enables access to the Python interactive mode through the Python shell window.
Users can also use Python IDLE to create or edit existing Python source files by leveraging the file editor.
PythonLauncher lets developers run Python scripts from the desktop. 
Simply select PythonLauncher as the default application to open any .py script by double-clicking on it through the Finder window. 
PythonLauncher offers many options to control how users launch Python scripts.

what i learned
Python comprises of a huge standard library for most Internet platforms like Email, HTML, etc. 
Python does not require explicit memory management as the interpreter itself allocates the memory to new variables and free them automatically
Provide easy readability due to use of square brackets
Easy-to-learn for beginners
Having the built-in data types saves programming time and effort from declaring variables
Python language is an interpreted language. 
Python program runs directly from the source code. 
It converts the source code that is written by the programmer into an intermediate language, which is again translated into machine language that has to be executed.
Python if Statement is used for decision-making operations. 
It contains a body of code that runs only when the condition given in the if statement is true.
If the condition is false, then the optional else statement runs, which contains some code for the else condition.
You can use for loop for even repeating the same statement over and again. 

Things that i want to learn with python
    Create a videogame with Python
    Add methods to libraries retroactively with singledispatch
    Create interactive data science tutorials with Jupyter Notebooks
    Write tests to verify IT infrastructure state
    Write both Python and C with Cython

